Does anyone in the city know my real identity?
No.
We made sure.
And I did a background check on her.
She's clean.
So she is a coincidence.
And an incredibly splendid one at that.
Don't tell me you don't think so.
You can't keep your eyes off of her.
I saw it.
They didn't.
Yes, I did.
Just drive.
I have a meeting tomorrow with several investors
who really like my work.
I hope I can pitch them my dream and they can help me start
my own architectural firm.
Well, I know you.
And I know that if anyone can pull it off, it's you.
And congratulations to the new Mrs. Mancini.
Auntie Molly to Connor now.
You know, you really should tell Connor and Jennifer.
Embarrass them a little bit.
Save it.
I'm not even as real white.
You won't let me see his room.
Someone is in love.
No, no, no.
He's Connor's uncle.
So bad at lying.
Your eyes tell me everything.
OK, maybe I have a little crush on him.
But it's still an unrequited crush.
Me and Adip.
I'm going to make it impossible for him to resist me.
Daughter?